Update audit logging for service account support, align related content in SCIM docs [DOCS-1775] (#1701)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/hosting/monitoring-usage/audit-logging.md

For more details about the format of the logs, see [Audit log schema](#audit-log-schema) and [Actions](#actions).

## Audit log retention
- If you require audit logs to be retained for a specific period of time, W&B recommends periodically transferring logs to long-term storage, either using storage buckets or the Audit Logging API.
- If you are subject to the [Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA)](https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/index.html), audit logs must be retained for a minimum of 6 years in an environment where they cannot be deleted or modified by any internal or exterrnal actor before the end of the mandatory retention period. For HIPAA-compliant [Dedicated Cloud]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/hosting-options/dedicated_cloud.md" >}}) instances with [BYOB]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/data-security/secure-storage-connector.md" >}}), you must configure guardrails for your managed storage, including any long-term retention storage.

## Before you begin
1. Organization level admins can fetch audit logs. If you receive a `403` error, ensure that you or your service account has adequate permission.

> 1. **Multi-tenant Cloud**: If a user is an organization admin in multiple Multi-tenant Cloud organizations, you _must_ configure the organization where organization-level API calls are routed. Otherwise, you will receive the following error:

Reviewer: >If a user is an organization admin in multiple Multi-tenant Cloud organizations

The way I had it set up if they are in multiple orgs at all (even as non-admins) we require the user to be explicit which org they prefer via their settings. Though I guess it could be smarter and check roles to make it even easier... may be worth considering that, but for now it's just any user in multiple orgs.

Author: How is this?

> 1. **Multi-tenant Cloud**: If a user is an organization admin in multiple Multi-tenant Cloud organizations, you _must_ configure the organization where organization-level API calls are routed. Otherwise, you will receive the following error:

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Multi-tenant Cloud**: If you are a member of multiple Multi-tenant Cloud organizations, you _must_ configure the **Default API organization**, which determines where audit logging API calls are routed. Otherwise, you will receive the following error:
```
